LoopClient (#215)
qa-guru/allure-notifications: README.md

    "botToken": "",
    "channelId": ""
  },
  "loop": {

>     "webHookUrl": ""

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "webhookUrl": ""
```

    </ol>
    </li>
    <li>To get a Channel ID right click the channel and click on "Copy ID" then paste it into the JSON config. Alternatively type the channel as a mention and place a backslash \ in front of the mention.</li>
    </ul>
  </details>
+ <details>
    <summary>Loop config</summary>

>     To create your own Loop web hook url.
>     <ul>
>       <li>Go to main menu of Loop application</li>
>       <li>Click on “Integrations”.</li>
>       <li>Choose "Incoming Webhooks".</li>
>       <li>Click "Add Incoming Webhook"</li>
>       <li>Fill out the form fields as you wish, but select a channel for messages</li>
>       <li>Click Save</li>
>       <li>Copy url of webhook.</li>
>     </ul>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To create your own Loop webhook URL follow these steps.
    <ul>
      <li>Go to main menu of Loop application.</li>
      <li>Click "Integrations".</li>
      <li>Choose "Incoming Webhooks".</li>
      <li>Click "Add Incoming Webhook".</li>
      <li>Fill out the form fields on your choice, make sure to select a channel for messages.</li>
      <li>Click "Save".</li>
      <li>Copy URL of webhook.</li>
    </ul>
```
